  
I need to gain more practical experience to analyse it in a much better way.
This is my best interpretation.

I have selected variable on the basis of higher loadings and variable that explains most of the variables.


       For this particular case I would go with 5 cluster solution as it best explains my data.
   
    1) In segment 1, customers use only cash advance and average cash advance purchase payment services
       with the card as a result they will be maintaining very high balance.
       They are like gold users to the company. Boosting should be done to this segment where in regular 
       campaings should be conducted to make these customers use the credit card more often.
  
    2) In segment 2, customers are quite opposite to the 1st segment. They use the credit card
       only to make advance purchase transactions. They use other services very rarely.These customers 
       should be provided with promotional packages. Based on the tenure, I assume these customers are with the 
       company for atleast 3-5 years.

    3) In segment 3, customers are not so avid users of the credit card .They use the card for making advance payments.
       They maintain good balance but they dont use it extensively.They seem to save money.

    4) In segment 4, customers seems to use the card for making payments for purchase instalments and they maintain
       high credit limit.These customers maintain less balance when compared to other segments.
       They are new customers to the company.Campaigns should be conducted for these customers by describing
       the various services offered by the company and discounts should be given where ever necessary.These customers are 
       platinum users to the company.

    5) In segment 5, customers use the credit card to make advance purchase transactions and to make various advance 
       payments. They are cash cows to the company.They dont use other services provided by the company regularly.
       Promotional offers and regular discounts should be given to these customers so that they will gain loyalty
       of the brand and they may reffer their friends or colleagues to this credit card service if they like the
       services offered by the company.